docs(vpc): add network acls how to (#6518)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/vpc/reference-content/understanding-nacls.mdx

import image2 from './assets/scaleway-nacl-diag-detail.webp'
import image3 from './assets/scaleway-nacl-example.webp'

> Every VPC has a network **A**ccess **C**ontrol **L**ist (network ACL). This list is composed of stateless rules to control the flow of traffic between the Private Networks of the VPC. By default, the list contains no rules, and therefore traffic is allowed to flow unrestrictedly. You can add rules to restrict traffic flow according to your requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every VPC has a network **A**ccess **C**ontrol **L**ist (network ACL). This list is composed of stateless rules to control the flow of traffic between the Private Networks of the VPC. By default, the list contains no rules, and therefore traffic is allowed to flow without restriction. You can add rules to restrict traffic flow according to your requirements.
```

Reviewer: Purely personal preference, feel free to ignore: sounds better to my ears.

## Network ACL rule configuration

When defining a network ACL rule, you must enter the following settings:

- **IP version**: Either IPv4 or IPv6. The rule applies only to traffic matching this IP version, meaning that in effect, each VPC has two network ACLs: one for IPv4 and one for IPv6. If you want to create an equivalent rule for the other IP version, you must do so separately.

- **Protocol**: Either `TCP`, `UDP`, or `ICMP`. The rule applies only to traffic matching this protocol. Alternatively, you can choose to apply it to traffic matching any protocol.

- **Source** and **destination**: The rule applies to traffic originating from this source and being sent to this destination. For both, enter an IP range in [CIDR format](/vpc/concepts/#cidr-block), and a port or port range. Alternatively, you can opt for the rule to apply to all IPs and/or all ports.

- **Action**: The network ACL either **allows** (accepts) or **denies** (drops) traffic that matches the rule.

> - **Position in list**: you can choose to add your rule to the **top**, or to the **bottom** of the list. Rules are evaluated from top to bottom, and can be rearranged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Position in list**: You can choose to add your rule to the **top**, or to the **bottom** of the list. Rules are evaluated from top to bottom, and can be rearranged.
```
